All front and libraries you need are configured inside the package JSON file of your project.
It's like a composer, Jason, but for the front end.
To install this, libraries, run, npm, install.
This would download all libraries in their specified version to the node modules folder, and later
it would create a package log file.
Then to compile all the assets for the first time, run npm, run death, but not just yet, please
wait until the end of the lecture.
AMPM Run Command lets you run custom NPM actions defined in the package.
Jason file.
You can find death.
Proud watch and more.
And also, you can create your own the deduction compiles your assets in development mode so there are
not minified it makes it easier to debug JavaScript or styles.
Production is for production, so assets are minified and compiled in production mode for the fastest
performance, that's not useful in your development environment.
The watch action is like running the dev action, but it keeps watching for changes and recompile everything
automatically for you.
This is the preferred way to work.
Installing and running nodes and NPM is not always painless, sometimes actions fail for strange reasons,
especially on Windows.
Your best bet is to make sure you run node version 12.
Also, when you see errors and even though you made sure you've followed the instructions closely,
don't panic, try removing the node modules folder in your project first and running NPM install again,
maybe also try to look inside the Q&A under the lecture.
And most importantly, try copy pasting that area into Google, most of the time, you are not the only
one having a specific issue.
Make sure not to copy everything, though, just something that describes the error from the error log.
Finally, let's run NPN run deve.
If everything is fine, you will see a happy output from the terminal.
You might also get a notification depending on your system and in the public folder, you will see the
updates and up S.O.S files in their respective folders.
This means the assets are compiled and we are now ready to include them inside our Laravel application,
which is the next thing we are going to do.